{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29720\viewh17240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa266\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Supplementary Figure 1. Stacked histograms of pairwise SNP distances by ST grouped by intrasource and intersource pairs. The red dashed line represents the minimal SNP distance for intersource pairs within a given ST. \'a0\
Supplementary Figure 2. Network analyses for STs commonly associated with cross-sectoral concurrences representing their mono-source and cross-source dissemination. Isolates included have a pairwise SNP distance of \uc0\u8804  100 SNPs and are coloured by source.\
Supplementary Figure 3. A) Scatter plot visualising the degree of correlation between cgMLST allelic distance (y-axis) and SNP distance (x-axis). Data points are coloured by ST for the pair of isolates comprising a given datapoint (only isolates sharing an ST are shown). B) Scatter plot visualising the degree of correlation between cgMLST allelic distance (y-axis) and SNP distance (x-axis) for 10 sequence types under analysis. Data points are coloured based on whether or not a given pair of isolates shares a fimH type (only isolates sharing an ST are shown)\
Supplementary Figure 4. Venn diagram visualising the intersection of putative clusters (as per cgMLST; \uc0\u8804  40 allelic differences) and clusters (as per SKA; \u8804  100 SNPs). Only strains of ST117, ST1193, ST131, ST457, ST57, ST648, ST69, ST80, ST95, ST963 are shown. A) Count of strains which exhibited matches to other strains at 100 SNPs or closer (top), 40 or fewer allelic differences (bottom) and those that met both criteria (middle). Note that 228 strains met no such criteria. B) Count of strain pairs that matched at 100 SNPs or closer (top), 40 or fewer allelic differences (bottom) and those that met both criteria (middle).}